=================
Conditions of Use
=================

:revision date: 2019-02-17


1. About these Conditions
=========================

1.1 Welcome to the PyWeek challenge system. If you use this online
software, created by the PyWeek Organisers, you must agree to the
following terms and conditions.

1.2 These conditions may be updated from time to time. This agreement is
governed by the laws of Victoria, Australia where the PyWeek Organisers
are located.


2. What the PyWeek system does
==============================

2.1 The PyWeek system is an online software environment which
facilitates the running of the PyWeek challenge.


3. How You Promise to Behave in this Environment
================================================

3.0 When using the PyWeek website you agree to abide by the :doc:`coc`,
which describes appropriate forms of communication and forbids
harrassment of any kind.

3.1 This agreement is a software license. Under this license, only one
person is allowed to log in under a single username and password. You
must never provide your password to anybody else.

3.2 You must not mislead the PyWeek Organisers about your true identity.
All name and address details entered into this environment must be true,
accurate and up to date. These details will not be disclosed to other
people in this environment.

3.3 Material posted to your home page must not infringe another person
or organisation's copyright, patent, trademark or trade secret. It must
not be defamatory, libellous, unlawful or incite unlawful behaviour,
obscene, invasive of another person's privacy, harmful of children,
hateful, harassing, racially or ethnically objectionable, abusive,
threatening, harmful, fraudulently deceptive, in breach of
confidentiality, or in contempt of court.

3.4 You may not use this software environment for 'spamming' or
activities associated with spamming, nor share or transmit files that
are corrupt, have viruses or which will do harm to the usability of
anybody's computer.

3.5 Everything you post to your home page is your sole responsibility.
Including, but not limited to program code, images, sound or video
material. As the PyWeek Organisers do not review or screen any of the
material that is posted to the web using the PyWeek system, we can take
no responsibility for any of this content -- yours or other people's.


4. Copyright
============

4.1 All software and content in the PyWeek system is copyright and is
protected by international copyright laws.

4.2 Your Copyright
------------------

4.2.1 The copyright of all material posted to a PyWeek home page is
owned by the person posting the content, or the organisation which has
given a person permission to post content on that organisation's behalf.

4.2.2 Permissions to copy or republish any material posted to the web
through this site can only be secured by contacting the copyright owner
directly.

4.3 Other People's Copyright
----------------------------

4.3.1 As a part of this agreement, you agree to respect other people's
copyright. Material owned by other people or organisations can only be
used with their permission, or within the bounds of 'fair use', or when
a particular piece of content is in the public domain.


6. Things for which the PyWeek Organisers will not be Responsible
=================================================================

6.1 The PyWeek system is continuously evolving environment. The PyWeek
Organisers may at any time and without notice modify or discontinue all
or part of its service. You agree that the PyWeek Organisers shall not
be liable to you or anybody else if this happens.

6.2 The PyWeek Organisers will not take any responsibility for lost
content or temporary lack of access due to technical failure. We
recommend that you maintain your own backup of any material of
importance of value to you, independent of and separate from the PyWeek
system storage facilities.

6.3 The PyWeek Organisers do not warrant that its software will be error
free, continuously and permanently available and secure. Access to
material generated by the software is at the user's own risk, and the
PyWeek Organisers take no responsibility for damage done to the user's
computer system, or content stored on that system, as a consequence of
access to the software or content stored using the software.

6.4 We do not guarantee the accuracy or legality of any content posted
to the web or published using the PyWeek system. As a consequence, we
will not accept any claims made against us in relation to this content.

6.6 The PyWeek Organisers will not take any responsibility for the use
of your account by other people, with or without your permission, and
expressly forbids you from permitting another person to use your account
or giving them your password.

6.7 You agree to indemnify the PyWeek Organisers against any claims that
may be made against us as a consequence of the way you have used this
software environment, and any related costs if we are required to deal
with these claims.


7. Privacy and Security
=======================

7.1 The PyWeek Organisers respect the privacy of the users of its
software and the visitors to the sites generated using the software. No
personal or contact data will be passed on to any other person or
organisation without your permission, or unless we are required by law.
The PyWeek Organisers may from time to time contact all users of the
PyWeek system on matters connected with PyWeek challenges.

7.2 All contact details entered during registration will be kept
private.

7.3 The PyWeek system may require that "cookies" are enabled on your
web-browser. Data which is collected using cookies will not be used to
track individuals.
